You have to sacrifice something to get where you want to be.
And I'm not sure what those sacrifices are going to entail.
It's possible to keep coming up with new things that allow a lot of that to retain and to stay and to benefit from.
It's going to be interesting.
I'm really curious to see, and I think we'll, I think the next 10 years, 15 years will really play that role out.
And I think we'll really have a clear direction of where this place is going at that point.
Last question.
What feelings do you carry in your heart for Texas A&M?
I love this place.
I think it's wonderful.
It's been a very defining part of my life.
It's been a defining part of who I am.
And I very, very much value that.
And I'm very appreciative of that.
This place has taught me a lot, not just the people, but the experiences sometimes come from the people.
But it's just all been very important.
And I don't know what I want to do, but I feel confident in a lot of the things that I've learned that allow me to be successful in the future.
And that's special, and I appreciate that.
And I feel like people here don't just
They value something more.
They value something, a quality of an individual.
And that's, you know, that's special to me.
I think when a person measures not just what's on paper but the quality of everything else that encompasses you, that's special because I think it means that we're very people-oriented.
And that's something I think is very important and it's really, really set a standard, I think, for me.
All right.
Let's quit there.